## **How will you pursue your life's calling? How will your Stanford education and your Knight-Hennessy Scholars experience support this?**

### How i connected the dots in my life, a testament to the power of the mind that even from a very confined beginning, the mind will not be confined if wanted. My main aim in life is  “Using Artificial Intelligence to gain control over biology” to see that Nature does not condemned our offspring to a handicapped life, to give everyone and equal chance at life, to demonstrate control over that which seems random and chaotic in biology through the use of artificial intelligence, in three words “Heal the world” even from an individuals birth.

### I will pursue my life task by getting admitted in the the department of computer science and as well majoring in Artificial Intelligence and specializing in Computational Biology. Through this, I will get the background needed to pursue a career in using Artificial Intelligence to improve biology, and ultimately gain control over it.

### I see Standford as one of the most prestigious school in the world, been at the fore-front of Research that could alter the way we humans live – I will rather not be in any other place. An opportunity to study at Standford means everything to me, this will allow me to gain the information, exposure, and networking that I need to actually materialized my life’s task. My family is a less than an average family in terms of living standard, my father is a local Real Estate Agent, my Mother is a local trader just in front of our home, without a Knight Scholars program I will not be able to afford an Education at Standford and that means, my life’s task may suffer a knock out blow.