## Connect the dots. How have the influences in your life shaped you?

### *In the beginning*, it could have been a usual moment, but years latter when I came to the conscious understanding of the gravity of those words , I was like I had no idea. When I was seven year old, my father took me to see a doctor due to my abnormal breathing patterns, after several test the doctor confirmed that I was asthmatic – the implication was explained to my father while I listened - “your son is not like the other kids, he would not be able to do what the other kids can do and also eat what other kids can eat”. But I was stubborn, I wanted to be like the other kids, I wanted to run in competition and kick balls around the neighborhood – the more I tried the more I suffered from this deadly confinement.

### Then it occurred to me through what I now recognized as “Raalpha – my guiding voice” -  there are other things in life that I could be better at, that I could leverage on my calmness and this restriction brought to me by biology to help others and ultimately solve this problem of “human’s lack of control over ailment especially biological confinement at birth” and also guiding my friends to see the long-term consequences of their actions, this lead me to the beautiful game of chess, and this I call the beginning of my quest to the use of the mental potential of the human mind.

### Let me travel back to when I was nine years old, I was in JSS3 (Junior secondary school three, in Nigeria we use 6-3-3-4 educational system) I and my friends decided to draft a plan of what we will like to be and what kind of life we will want to have when we grow up, this was due to advise from one of our teachers. I remember, how effortless I wrote for month keeping this book with we, including drawings, logos; using blue, black and red pen to make illustrations. “To who” I ask myself today, today I called this book a love letter to myself from the past.

### The content of this book of mine was having multiple companies that employs thousand upon thousands of people to solve chemical, mechanical and biological problems and also pushing the boundaries of what is called “Possible”. I never thought of any constraints of how to achieve this dream anytime I took a glance at that book up till when I grew up. Doing that at the beginning of my life was very important to me, because then the weight of how limited I was either through my color, or through our financial status as a family never sets into that book. It was pure imagination of what was possible by me through what I called “Raalpha”. Anytime i think of this book, I am always enriched by the pure imagination of a child that has no thought of limitations, and the thought of this book always bringing me back to the present as well as guiding me on my life’s journey through the hard days of an adult life.

 ### When I was sixteen years of age, I was admitted to a local hospital, then being treated by a doctor that turns out to have little or no idea about an asthmatic patients, he administered Aminophylline (used in the treatment of an asthmatic patient which is administered gently through the veins at an interval of a gentle push per two minute) injection at a rapid speed into my bloodstream, and I listened to how my heartbeat drift into oblivion, my father noticed a change in my body and he was shouting my name, and I told him in my native language, and its translate literally to “my heartbeat is dying” that was exactly the last scene i remembered. Only through what was called miracle was I able to come back to life.

### This event shaped me, anytime i reflect on this near death experience, and also remember that there are thousands of children in Africa facing this same “confinement” - either through lack of money to access good medical care or even on a world wide base where we all as a civilization lacks control over the biology of our offspring: to cure them of ailment especially those with asthma before birth. This led me to movement that emphasize the human control over circumstances and facilitation of some of this movements, that we are not product of chance but conscious will, through movement both spiritual and ideological that has this core concepts as one of its foundation. I have been able to exercise my conscious will to heal myself to a relatively high degree of asthma, now I preach to see this on a large scale, that science has a role to play to push the boundaries of the human consciousness, that we will one day have total control over our biology, and this I called miracle.

### I gained admission to the prestigious Osun State University Osogbo in the later part of my sixteenth  year, to study Computer Science, I first worked with computers when I was around 11 years of age when my father due to his vision of the future enrolled me in a computer school, Where I was taught typesetting with Microsoft Word and using Coreldraw for graphics. It really amazed me, I wondered how this machine works, playing videos just like My Dad’s “Sharp TV”, and my neighbor’s CD Player (which we had none at that time), and this machine can do so many other things.

### I wanted to know more about this device just due to the fact that during one of my courses in junior secondary school, it was said of it that “it’s a programmable electronic machine and it can do whatever you want”. It wasn’t like other machines around – it even has a university degree to itself. This also increases my fascination. During college, I was very optimistic about the future, were i was very passionate about algorithms, I learn programming languages like HTML, PHP, My Sql, C, C++, QtC++, Java, Python, SVG, Ruby and CSS and Webframework like Laravel, Symfony, Ruby on Rails using this to develop computer applications for people and charging a fee, also working with the version control git and my open source projects.

## With the guidance of my little book, I questioned myself of how I will accomplish my dreams, so I started an entrepreneurship club that I called Longrange Nigeria, and I interact with as many people as possible through youth movements, demonstrating the marvelous wonders of the mind and how it can heal the world.